- [Instructor] In this lesson,
we're going to configure our JAX-RS project
and our EJB project to use JSONB.
In order to do that,
we're going to have to include the JSONB API.
So we can easily include dependencies
within our projects using Maven.
To enable Maven on your project,
just right click on it,
go to Configure and then Convert to Maven Project.
This is going to add a pom.xml file to the project
and if you click on the Dependencies tab,
Maven allows us to easily manage the dependencies
or different libraries that our application needs to use
and we just need to enter a group ID of javax.json.bind
and then for the artifact ID,
we want to specify javax.json.bind-api
and then we're going to be using version 1.0
of the API, so let's go ahead and add that.
And then you're going to do the same thing
for the EJB project.
So I'll just add the Maven configuration.
Now, if it pops up this screen,
just click on Deselect All
and then hit Finish.
And then we'll see the pom within our EJB project.
We can open that up
and we'll go ahead and just add in the API for JSONB.
Okay, so we'll go ahead, hit OK.
We can then save our poms.
Now we have the API included within our projects
and let's talk a little bit about what we're going
to be doing within this chapter.
I've added an OrderEndpoint to our JAX-RS project
and you'll notice this OrderEndpoint
now handles an order resource
and it's pretty simple.
If we take a look at that order resource,
you're just going to see an orderId, a storeName,
there's this Customer type we'll get to in a second.
And then there is a list of items.
A very simple POJO and the same with the Customer.
We just get the CustomerId, FirstName, LastName
and then in order to test out
and send JSON to our JAX-RS API,
I've included two things.
The first is an order.json file
and you'll notice this JSON object corresponds
with the Java POJO we just looked at
so we're going to be able to serialize and deserialize
between these and then the other thing I've included
is a PowerShell command
and this PowerShell is basically going
to send an HTTP request
to the order endpoint or the order resource
on our JAX-RS API.
And it's going to be a POST
and then it's going to send that JSON we have
in the order.json file.
So I just wanted to walk you through that so you understand
what's going on when we test.
The order.json file
and the PowerShell command are included
within the source main resources directory
of the JAX-RS project
and you'll see within the LinkedIn package
in our projects,
I've included the inventory item,
the order and the customer
and I did the same thing over in the EJB project
so that we have those objects available as well.
Okay, so our project's all set up.
We got an understanding of what we're going to be looking at.
Let's proceed into the lessons with JSONB.